Release 5.0.0-beta.3 (#119)
blackbaud/skyux-sdk-angular-builders: CHANGELOG.md

# 5.0.0-beta.3 (2021-12-20)

> - Fixed a bug with inline dependencies in the UMD bundle when the CSS contains square brackets. [#118](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-angular-builders/pull/118)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug with inline dependencies in the UMD bundle to properly handle CSS that contains square brackets. [#118](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-sdk-angular-builders/pull/118)
```
